As the saying goes!
I want to capture a man's heart
It's about to grab a man's stomach
If the young master likes your cooking
Then I can't live without you
Master, come and eat
This is what Miss Qiao made on purpose
I learned it especially for you
Misunderstood him
No, please don't get me wrong.
I'll just learn
It's none of your business.
This kid is shy
Cut the crap
Let's sit down
Ahahahaha
Unexpectedly, I asked Sister Liu about my word-of-mouth.
Eat buckets but not ginger
Won't be cruel
I forgot to put the ginger in it.
Master, don't leave today
Stay with the lady and the children
The pregnant woman?
After a three-month dangerous period
You can live a married life properly
This helps to regulate the endocrine of pregnant women
Husband and wife life
What lie did Sister Liu say?
I'm finished.
I'm the only one
How are you doing at the company recently?
I heard that there is a new Tiantian in your design department.
He's not a low-key person, is he?
The workplace is like a battlefield
Don't worry.
What about me?
Strong is strong
Won't treat me so easily
As expected of my favorite
Keep us out of contact with other men
But he secretly brought the little white moonlight out on a date
Really double standard
I didn't expect Ah Zhi and Tingting
Do you want to say hello
Okay, Manager Rong
Coincidentally, you are also here.